Add a highlight for the new dashboard time date filter (#11430)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11381
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11412

### An updated date time input on the workspace dashboard

> We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over what the dashboard shows. You can now filter the dashboard by minutes hours, and days. You can also specifiy a specific date and time range to filter by. Once you've chosen your time and date window, you can also go back and forward in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  See our [short loom demo](https://www.loom.com/share/ca099d3792d146d08df6fcd506ff9eb2?sid=70797dda-6dc6-4fe6-bf4a-a9df2a0bf230) for more info. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over what the dashboard shows. You can now filter the dashboard by minutes hours, and days. You can also specify a date and time range to filter by. Once you've chosen your time and date window, you can also go back and forward in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  See our [short loom demo](https://www.loom.com/share/ca099d3792d146d08df6fcd506ff9eb2?sid=70797dda-6dc6-4fe6-bf4a-a9df2a0bf230) for more info. 
```

> We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over what the dashboard shows. You can now filter the dashboard by minutes hours, and days. You can also specify a date and time range to filter by. Once you've chosen your time and date window, you can also go back and forward in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  See our [short loom demo](https://www.loom.com/share/ca099d3792d146d08df6fcd506ff9eb2?sid=70797dda-6dc6-4fe6-bf4a-a9df2a0bf230) for more info. 
> 
> <img width="1329" alt="image" src="https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/40272060/045b144f-35ff-4b32-abcd-74eaf16f181c">

Reviewer 2: I think this suggested update will let users click on the image that you gave and navigate to the Loom video, but we might need to double check to be sure.

```suggestion
We've added a new date and time filter to the workspace dashboard that gives greater control over what the dashboard shows. You can now filter the dashboard by minutes, hours, and days. You can also specify a specific date and time range to filter by. Once you've chosen your time and date window, you can also go back and forward in time using that time window, for example, you can scroll through by hour.  

Click below to see it in action!
[![Demo of updated time input in the Prefect UI](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/40272060/045b144f-35ff-4b32-abcd-74eaf16f181c)
](https://www.loom.com/share/ca099d3792d146d08df6fcd506ff9eb2?sid=70797dda-6dc6-4fe6-bf4a-a9df2a0bf230)
```
